(Transcrito por TurboScribe.ai. Actualizar a Ilimitado para eliminar este mensaje.)

Okay, now let's rewind. Let's rewind shortly. During the vacation, I mean, I've been talking with Gaston on many things and whatever, you know, getting to know each other a little bit again. 

He was really advising, besides experiencing everything, the whole vacation. He was talking a lot about the book, Surrounded by Idiots. He really advised it to read. 

Yesterday, I went, open AI, hey, who wrote that book? What's the biggest part from it? Can you recap it? Okay, can you explain this and these things? Which is, by the way, to me, that matches a lot on the spectrum. I mean, a lot of us are on the spectrum and people on the spectrum tend to be, he's talking about different colors for the different types of people. And most of the people are more in one type than the other type. 

They like to do a lot of certain things to do and they dislike to do some other things to do. So don't put somebody from that specific color to do something what he doesn't like to do. Don't ask him because he's not good at it. 

He doesn't like it, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. It's something business, blah, blah, blah. But it's also in real life, also a good one. 

A good book to read or do it like me, hey, get the recap, which you got already a little bit. Anyway, the talk about that one, talking about the, how do you say, the problem that his brother had with financing the house because he got a very good offer because of some, how do you say, public servants, you know, they're in charge of selling houses. I forget the most important part. 

Shit, no, I cannot keep it in. His brother was looking already for more than a year for a house. He got a good deal, but to buy the house, you have to have some money from yourself.

He doesn't have money from himself, but his brother Gaston is, I mean, he can help him without problem. But if he would give the money to his brother, he has to pay 25% taxes. If his mother would give it would be 10% taxes. 

But actually he wants to make an arrangement from, hey, that money is coming back. Why would, you know, to pick, it's not a gift. He wants to borrow it to his brother. 

Maybe his brother doesn't pay it back or whatever. He doesn't really care about it, but he tries to do it in the right way, et cetera. Initially, they arranged it through Bitcoins, but the bank is from, where is this Bitcoin from? They want to have the origin of that money. 

And that is giving, that is giving problems. I think in the end he will end up that probably his mother will give the money and that she pays 10% taxes and he just covers everything with his mother. That is probably the one where they pay the least, but they had a deadline to meet. 

And if he wouldn't be able to get the financing through, because he made like a special deal with this, that he accepted the deal, even, how do you say, taking the risk of financing for him. So the house is not on the market anymore. But if you are not able to arrange everything, you pay a 10% fee, a 10% fine. 

And you still do not have the house because you just pay 10% fine, which is pretty a lot. It's more or less forcing you to keep the deal. Now, they had already like two constructions that, they had like two constructions that they already worked through that already failed.

So actually the last one didn't fail yet, but we did what we did. And we were like, one of the last days we were in the hotel, actually the last day we were in the roof bar, we're talking on, by the way, keep this recording Ivan. Yeah, yeah, but keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it forever. 

You're gonna love that you have recorded this one. Because if this works out, it can be the start of whatever company, whatever you're gonna do. So that's actually a cool one to have it recorded. 

You have the whole history firsthand told. So we were sitting in the bar there and we were, how do you say, discussing we said from, Hey, let's run this through AI. I was showing a little bit open AI, how you make prompts, giving some basic lessons in how to use prompt, the rule of six that you have like persona, context, task, I think, a template or Templar. 

And there was one more, but I, you know, which one it is? I do not. I mainly use AI for specific things that I want to solve for myself. So I don't really go in, I do not really need to go in depth to like, yeah, but there is a specific, I need to go to those specific things. 

I just Google or look for, Hey, how do you prompt HBT to do this thing you need? Yeah. But instead of having to know it always, I just look. Yeah. 

Yeah. But it's, it's, it's, it's something that you, you probably, if you're going to do that course, part of that course, the thing is this is date. This is a coming straight out of business. 

Even military is how to communicate a task to a subject. It uses the same rules. So people in business, they know those rules because when I say that to her son, Oh yeah, it's this, it's the, it's, it's, it's, it's a terminology that is in business educated. 

So if later on you will be talking, is this still recording or not? Yeah. Yeah. As long as it's still recording.

It's something in business, which is you should research yourself or you ask HBT to, to tell you and explain it. Don't make things difficult. No, the, the, the, the, those who, how do you say those, those, how do you say those rules they have found currently, or there are some basic rules, some basic use cases that they have figured out. 

If you use it in that way, you just get better results. And so I was explaining those basic ways of, okay, if I look for something, this is how I would prompt it. So we were like some basic facts.

We were just asking, uh, to get some feedback. Oh, there was, there's one thing before we were going through a case in the car, we were spit balling from, Hey, if this happens, what would happen? And what I did as a preparation for this one is do a macroeconomic analysis from what's going to happen currently soon in the world. I'll come to that whole story another time, but that one I use as a pretext for this conversation with him. 

So I had like, uh, an analyzer from the current economical situation and what opportunities and dangers and risks that would entail. And, and we would go through that one and we were, you know, I was explaining how I did that, how I use it because that, that, uh, that research that I did that was in a very short time or something where I didn't know too much about, he knew also, uh, a decent, uh, about it. And we were just checking. 

I was just putting the questions that we did in the bus ourselves because six hours a drive, right? There's a lot to talk. We, we went through some situations. Anyway, training him on the best use cases. 

Uh, then we came to, okay, the case from his brother and he himself. Okay. Now, uh, I explained to him, uh, now is, uh, your time to practice it. 

And he used that case, uh, to it. And the answers that it gave was like the eyes, uh, went wide open because, uh, immediately email to Roberta from, Hey, blah, blah, blah. This, uh, whatever came out of that one. 

And they're probably by now also trying to use it to figure out the best way to deal, uh, the best way to, to approach this one, because I talked with him today and he was, uh, yeah. How do you say a good news? We have two weeks more of time now. So the biggest pressure is out and he has like calls, uh, contact with, um, uh, advisor companies that, that, that explain you all the financial ways, how to, how to structure that one, how to deal with that one. 

So he's now starting that trajectory that will go, uh, go. Okay. But I think it will end up that his mother is going to pay 10% taxes. 

Sorry. You're talking about, you're talking about with his brother. Yeah. 

The problem is if it's a, if it's a, that his brother has with his bank and now open AI, the, the, the chance that this is, is, is, is, is, is the, the, the, the mirroring. And you normally, if you tell, if you explain there or not, no, that is Luana. Um, and, uh, how do you say, uh, normally when you want to run to a scenario, it's, it's, it's good to just talk to the mirror and just you talking through something, you are analyzing a problem and you find the right solution. 

But now you're talking to a mirror that is actually talking back. So you can run all the type of problems that you have, how to deal with it, how to approach this. You, you can just talk and you get that mirror.

There's a lot of, of, of, of simple tools that AI already offers. Even if it would not completely be useless, how do you say it would actually not do anything. Just the practice of, of, of that way of thinking of that way of working improves your productivity because you're finding easier and better solutions. 

You can, you can run scenarios, not in your brain against an AI that will, how do you say, push your mind to, to, to, to, to look at different perspectives. You can instruct it today, specifically focus on blind spots that I maybe have. So you, you, it's like a mirror that will actually take away those blind spots. 

That's all the ways how you can use AI. There's a lot of deeper core things in that, which is your task to research that one. If you're going to do this type of things.

Now, how do you say his eyes open that? Yeah. I mean, yeah, they, how do you say, yeah, we have been using, do you have the matches or not? Yo. Downstairs, at least.

I'll wait shortly for his back to continue the conversation. Yeah. I showed him also, you know, how to use it, how I explained him also how it worked, because at Energy 21, we are setting up an AI and it was also explaining.

I mean, we have been stuck three months because this admin system administration couldn't give us the right access. I mean, for them to decide that to go to the whole paper chain, it was like a disaster. Now, finally, we have access and we have our setup in, in the USA. 

The only thing is, is no client data. Only internal data is allowed to be used. So confidentiality is a, is a pre, but we are just, we are testing. 

We wanted to have it be an expert in our scripting language. So we collected all the scripts that we ever made, even the internal code from it, the highlighters that we have in, in, in the visual studio, all those types of things. We, we, we, how do you say, we collected.

And, but we have, we, we had it ready in three days and then we had to wait for three months to finally get access. And now that this year, I'm now coming back, all those things are now rolling. So we are starting with that. 

We were explaining also, it's like, I mean, a company needs to change a company that takes three months to, that's inefficient. And AI is going so fast. You cannot wait. 

And he was also like telling from, yeah, you know, I have been looking at AI, but it's not that you, how do you say, it's like parroting you. There's a lot of skepticism in, in, in the use of AI. And, but the thing is he has used it half a year ago and I could see that, yeah, Roberta has been doing, because hey, you have the chat history because we were using the paid account from Roberta. 

But I can see, you know, he did only 10, 10 conversations in total. I mean, there are hundreds of them that, that we had, I mean, we have a family account, we share it. So in principle, the conversations are visible to others, but you can turn it, you can do privacy mode also. 

I explained them from, hey, there's also the privacy mode. Also, then your data is not stored. You can, you can have your own internal AI computers. 

You can have those services. There are a lot of opportunities there in a company, how to deal with it. Now, so how do you say, more or less, how do you say, he got the whole, how it's using on the end of the day was time to, was from, hey, time to go. 

And it was also time to go to bed. And then in the morning was more from, he was like, yeah, what he came to do, when he stepped into the shaft, it's like, hey, did you learn something? He said the main thing, what he learned is from, was from not that, hey, I have a blind spot. And how do you say, he is in technology. 

He's in cryptocurrency. He's following all this, all these things, but still, this was an eye opener for him. And like that, many companies have the same problems.

The ones that are not even close to, to, to, to technology. If there is something close to technology, current technology is crypto. And he wasn't even blindsided. 

Yeah. Yeah. He had, you know, they practice a little bit, but you know, it didn't impress at that moment, but that was. 

Did you show him, the GGPT, how you are in Shardless? Yeah. Yeah. No, I was explaining that it was, Sonja already showed that during the, during the trip, you know, you know, we, we showed him already because we are on one side living in a bubble. 

I mean, because I, I have been pushing you all of you from, hey, AI, start using it. This is the future. Everybody was a little bit of skeptic. 

I mean, Kyrian was like, the teacher was completely impressed to the, to the level of what they made it because what they made is more or less like first, I would even say second year university that they, that, that, that they make something like that. Now a student on finishing EBT can make a project like that. Yeah. 

Boyfriend helped whatsoever, but still like, that's the, even if it wouldn't have been there, they would have been able to reach the same results. And they already, they only got in contact with using AI for one year. Can you imagine the kids that are now growing up, that started from this, if Max, that's now growing up, Sander, he will do the same. 

You know, they will have not, how do you say? It's not that they have, a person has one tutor. Every kid has a chorus of tutors with an orchestrator that is, you know, with the parents a little bit on it. Those is the things that are coming. 

Actually, it's not coming. It's there already. They're just the infrastructure needs to get there. 

The society needs to adjust to that one. And all that has a lot of opportunities because people need that information. And the thing is, they are willing to pay for that one. 

And so in the morning, Gaston was from, yeah, how do you say? The first, the most important thing, Roberta needs to go on a course. Roberta needs to be taught how, what, where, and how you use it. But it's not only that, it's where in the industry can you use it. 

And for a company, it becomes, just listen back, the one was explaining. Sorry? You couldn't find the, didn't you ask? Maybe it's in there. Yeah, it's in, it's in.

I knew there was a solution there. Because I did it before here, so this had to go somewhere. I was just, I mean, I was so lazy that I didn't stand up and send you down to, that's lazy.

And then you ask Kirjan to do a good thing. No, no, no, no, that's not lazy. Kirjan needs it.

I also need to walk a little bit. Yeah, but that's just a joking aside. Anyway.

Now, I heard you say, I was explaining, you know, also that you have been also a lot with AI and how do you say, it's really your focus. And how do you say, you're at this moment, you're wasting your talent. It's good what you did.

No, I totally agree. I'm like motherfuckers, please let me do automation. No, no, you're on the wrong, that's not going to happen there. 

They don't, keep working for them. Do what you do there. Soon you will be, fuck you, I don't need that anymore.

Because, now, Roberta needs now schooling. That is what she needs. She doesn't need to have a solution. 

She needs first to understand, how do you say, Roberta will be the test case. And Roberta, she's like mom. Yeah, I have to say, you didn't really meet too much, but we're all on the spectrum. 

I mean, Gaston is very close to me. Roberta is very close to what Sonja is in things. The problem that Roberta had, well, the problem is, it's not a problem. 

They got a kiddo that was, how do you say, handicapped, especially mentally. And she has dedicated her whole life to be for her, as it should be. So that means that all her aspirations, all her, how do you say, had been put on a pause for 20 years. 

Now, she, how do you say, she's starting now, and she is currently the only certified compliance officer in Holland. I'm not sure if it's in Europe, in Holland, specialized in cryptocurrency. So, and the company from Gaston, they are in cryptocurrency, and they have a model. 

They are more or less, they have like a software which facilitates the trading in cryptocurrency or actually trading in blockchain. The currency doesn't really matter too much. And they have like, the system that they want to promote is a transparent one, a more secure one. 

And it's where everybody knows there is no, how do you say, it's completely transparent. And because of that one, it's not interesting for criminals to use because it's completely transparent. To be in the cryptocurrency chain, you have to be known a person, your account, your identity has to be 100% verified. 

Otherwise, you're not on that system. It's a little bit where the European Union is wanted to go. American is more liberal one, where there's more or less rules, but because of that one, there's a lot of criminality there. 

There's a lot of cryptocurrency stealing, all those. Those things are possible in the other one, but not in the clean one. But now actually, they make a system, well, we can do it a secure way. 

That's the one we're promoting, but there's also the lesser secure one. Anyway, they are currently and they are talking with people, the big players in cryptocurrency. So how do you say, they are, just to imagine, they are like upper class in Holland. 

Their friends are upper class Holland. That's not medium class. It's upper class Holland. 

But he's working for people that are upper class worldwide. Billionaires, etc. So those are, how do you say, his clients, it's the field.

He's providing a service there, but that's the field. But he has contacts. The family situation is quite similar, because if two people on the spectrum have a kiddo, guess what? Pretty good chance that he's also on the kiddo. 

The same that my parents are all on the spectrum, although by that time it was not defined. But hey, the Mount Everest was only discovered in 1800 something, but believe me, it was there before. So spectrum and whatever that existed, like my mother's OCD like hell. 

And my father is is like complete planning, all very recognizable. Anyway, in that industry, there's a lot of people also on the spectrum. Matthias, he's studying also informatics on the university. 

He's like two years behind, but he's also like busy in AI. His passion is sci-fi. But his autism is very similar to you, likely because actually you grew up here in Paraguay, you had a lot less problems in the end. 

Like Ipete, you were like finally normal people, because now you're among people that are all similar. Same with him, he went at some moment to a school and they were also exactly all on the spectrum. For me, it was more like Ipete, okay, here at least there are some normals and then universities. 

Yeah, exactly. But anyway, I mean, you get the feeling. I mean, you were retreating yourself in school, you were not challenged and it was all not interesting, because yeah, that is how people growing up in the past, this is completely changing. 

The home educating or not even people, how do you say, you are able to be educated forever. There's no limit to schooling, because nowadays you can already. I mean, but I'm following YouTube channels, I'm doing this, I'm studying that. 

I mean, I'm always busy, but 95% of the people is not. But your clientele is not the 95% of people, are the 5% people. The 5% people that want to know more, that want to learn, that want to stay current. 

And they don't have the time to go after that one, but they have the money to pay good, good money for some people to go after that one. Now, I was talking about DevOps last time, just before we went, is from hey, when a person is a programmer, he adds value to a company. And actually he adds, most of the time, because of automatization, he actually more or less multiplies already the productivity in a company. 

Because you do a one-time effort and it's not plus one, it's a fraction that will be multiplied every time. Now, what the DevOps does is actually automate the production cycle from a software company. So the software company becomes more efficient. 

And because of the DevOps cycle forces automatization and a more rigorous process of going to... The one least automated companies are software companies. It's insane, but it is like that. All the other ones, they are automated because the people working there are idiots, so they need to be really directed.

But those same automatization rules actually do affect and should be applied in a software company. Now with AI, all those things become much and much easier. But anyway, as a DevOps, what I would say is, as a tester or a developer, you add value, but as a DevOps guy, because you're automating the process, you're multiplying the... Hey, I'm not adding value to the company, I'm multiplying value for the company.

Now with AI, you are actually multiplying the multipliers. Because with AI, it becomes much easier to automate processes in a company. So you're not even multiplying, you're exponential almost or quadratic or however you want to call it. 

So that... How do you say that? All those things that we're just talking, I mean, just making that in several chapters, several talks, this is what those companies need. And that service has value, has a lot of value. And they're all blindsided. 

And when one gets it, fuck, I didn't know it from... Yeah, he can explain that. I mean, that goes as a wildfire through that community. This is a business opportunity like hell. 

I don't have the time to go after it. But you can. What you, how do you say, what Gaston wants to do is he wants to put you and Matthias together to be able to give those type of talks. 

The good thing is you're speaking English, you're speaking Spanish, Dutch. That's a big good, how do you say, a big addition that you have. Don't be surprised that at some moment you will be flying all around the world to do whatever, because those people, they, how do you say, money is not the problem, time is the problem. 

They don't have the time and they don't want to spend the time. That is why they have an internal architect, because they don't have the time to go shopping, to buy, they just want, hey, make that one nice, do this one here. They don't have time to spend on those details of life. 

They want to enjoy life, but they, you know, they have so much money to shit, why would you care about those things? I agree. If I had the amount of money they have, I would also be like, yeah, make a company for this. So this is an opportunity to become exactly like that.

And how do you say, with opportunities they come in life, everybody has the same chances. It's the who takes the chance and who doesn't. This is a really good one. 

And as I said, the idea is you and Matthias are putting together some parts, how do you say, we probably as parents, we will be trying to help out with money, with helping people with contacts and whatsoever. That is what we can do. But the rest at some moment is all up to you. 

The sky is the limit, and actually there is no sky that is the limit, because then you have space and even we're discussing what the limits are there. So it's whatever you make from it. That's a little bit the idea. 

Well, the thing is that the one with the colors is if you read the book and then you understand that you need another

(Este archivo es más largo que 30 minutos. Actualizar a Ilimitado en TurboScribe.ai para transcribir archivos de hasta 10 horas.)